id=11111111

Fresho Pomegranate (Loose), 4 pcs (approx. 720 - 800 g)

image_path="/images/Fruits&Vegetables/Fruits/pomegranate_4pcs.jpg"
price=192
discount=26
gst=0
expirydate=2022-12-0
return period=0
stock=1000
category id=1



Fruits are some of the healthiest intakes that a human being takes in his daily life. Intake of fruits decrease the chances of diseases and deficiency that occurs in the body due to bacteria or lack of certain vitamins. Fruits are much tastier when we have them in form of a shake or juice or as a mixture of all fruits, call it fruit salad. The nutrient composition of fruit varies greatly among the different types, but all varieties contain important nutrients. These include vitamin C, potassium, folate etc. along with being high in fibre which has many health benefits. Eating fibre may help lower cholesterol, increase feelings of fullness and contribute to weight loss over time. Pomegranate is one such fruit which is very healthy and keeping your health in mind. At Bigbasket, provide you ease to buy 6Fresho pomegranate online. People often go for offline fruit shopping which might be unhygienic but here we suggest you buy pomegranate online. Bigbasket is always concerned about what their customers actually demand and tries to get them the best products available. So, we at Bigbasket, have included a wide variety of fruits on our website which are gron through the authentic procedures and are safe to use. Bigbasket provides you with the leading brands of the country and with the best quality products and food items. One such is pomegranate, you can order 4pc Fresho pomegranate online on Bigbasket and get it delivered at your door with the ease of internet. For the people who are not so regular with fruits, we at Bigbasket also have a pack of two pomegranates whose price offline is less cheaper than online, like the fresho 2pc pomegranate price. Pomegranate is rich in many nutrients like Punicalagins which are extremely potent antioxidants and found in pomegranate juice and peel. They’re so powerful that pomegranate juice has been found to have three times the antioxidant activity of red wine and green tea. Punicic acid, found in pomegranate seed oil, is the main fatty acid in the arils. It’s a type of conjugated linoleic acid with potent biological effects. In short, it is fruit very rich in vitamins and nutrients.Big basket provides you the ease to buy 800gm fresho pomegranate in just few clicks. Bigbasket also makes you avail various other products with a range of many brands, that are one of the leading ones in the country. We, at Bigbasket, provide a wide variety of products with the convenience of delivery on your door. Do no more offline shopping and take a step towards comfort by ordering online.



insert into products(id,name,description,image,base_price,discount,gst,expiry_date,return_period,stock,category_id) values(11111111,'Fresho Pomegranate (Loose), 4 pcs (approx. 720 - 800 g)','Fruits are some of the healthiest intakes that a human being takes in his daily life. Intake of fruits decrease the chances of diseases and deficiency that occurs in the body due to bacteria or lack of certain vitamins. Fruits are much tastier when we have them in form of a shake or juice or as a mixture of all fruits, call it fruit salad. The nutrient composition of fruit varies greatly among the different types, but all varieties contain important nutrients. These include vitamin C, potassium, folate etc. along with being high in fibre which has many health benefits. Eating fibre may help lower cholesterol, increase feelings of fullness and contribute to weight loss over time. Pomegranate is one such fruit which is very healthy and keeping your health in mind. At Bigbasket, provide you ease to buy 6Fresho pomegranate online. People often go for offline fruit shopping which might be unhygienic but here we suggest you buy pomegranate online. Bigbasket is always concerned about what their customers actually demand and tries to get them the best products available. So, we at Bigbasket, have included a wide variety of fruits on our website which are gron through the authentic procedures and are safe to use. Bigbasket provides you with the leading brands of the country and with the best quality products and food items. One such is pomegranate, you can order 4pc Fresho pomegranate online on Bigbasket and get it delivered at your door with the ease of internet. For the people who are not so regular with fruits, we at Bigbasket also have a pack of two pomegranates whose price offline is less cheaper than online, like the fresho 2pc pomegranate price. Pomegranate is rich in many nutrients like Punicalagins which are extremely potent antioxidants and found in pomegranate juice and peel. They’re so powerful that pomegranate juice has been found to have three times the antioxidant activity of red wine and green tea. Punicic acid, found in pomegranate seed oil, is the main fatty acid in the arils. It’s a type of conjugated linoleic acid with potent biological effects. In short, it is fruit very rich in vitamins and nutrients.Big basket provides you the ease to buy 800gm fresho pomegranate in just few clicks. Bigbasket also makes you avail various other products with a range of many brands, that are one of the leading ones in the country. We, at Bigbasket, provide a wide variety of products with the convenience of delivery on your door. Do no more offline shopping and take a step towards comfort by ordering online','/static/images/Fruits&Vegetables/Fruits/pomegranate_4pcs.jpg',192,26,0,'2022-12-31',0,1000,1);